README.md, before:

# Project Title

## Overview

This analysis will be on the earning potential of various college majors after graduation. The data is from the American Community Survey 2010-2012 Public Use Microdata Series. It contains data from a survey of college graduates and the majors they graduated in, along with the links to earning potential and their employment information. It spans 173 individual undergraduate majors across 16 major categories.

All plots in this project were visualized using the Plotly library.

## How to View Project

To run this project on your local machine, follow these steps:

1. Click on the green "Code" button at the top-right of the repository page.

2. Select "Download ZIP" to download the project as a ZIP file.

3. Extract the contents of the ZIP file to a location of your choice.

4. Navigate to the extracted folder.

5. Open the `CS544Final_Rao.html` file in your preferred web browser.

## License

This project is licensed under the GPL-3.0 License

## Acknowledgements

Thank you to Professor Suresh Kalathur for his excellent instruction on utilizing the powerful R programming language to create these wonderful visualizations.

Commit message:

Updated README.md with instructions on viewing R code

README.md, after:

# Project Title

## Overview

This analysis will be on the earning potential of various college majors after graduation. The data is from the American Community Survey 2010-2012 Public Use Microdata Series. It contains data from a survey of college graduates and the majors they graduated in, along with the links to earning potential and their employment information. It spans 173 individual undergraduate majors across 16 major categories.

All plots in this project were visualized using the Plotly library.

## How to View Project

To run this project on your local machine, follow these steps:

1. Click on the green "Code" button at the top-right of the repository page.

2. Select "Download ZIP" to download the project as a ZIP file.

3. Extract the contents of the ZIP file to a location of your choice.

4. Navigate to the extracted folder.

5. Open the `CS544Final_Rao.html` file in your preferred web browser.

## How to View and Edit Project Code

**Note:** RStudio is required for code editing. If you do not have RStudio downloaded on your computer, follow [these isntructions](https://rstudio-education.github.io/hopr/starting.html)

1. In the same ZIP file that was downloaded and extracted, locate the CS544Final_Rao.Rmd file

2. Click on the file once, and right click

3. Select "Open With" and choose RStudio

## License

This project is licensed under the GPL-3.0 License

## Acknowledgements

Thank you to Professor Suresh Kalathur for his excellent instruction on utilizing the powerful R programming language to create these wonderful visualizations.
